whatisLeft.md, before:

# Tasks:

## Backend

- ensure all routes are working
  - rapport routes: all working
  - commission routes: all working besides (/editcom, /getcom) (not tested)

## Database

- fix database connection error after a period of time. (in progress)
- Verify connection (when user lanches the app offline, weak internet connect, reconnection): ensure app is working.(in progress)

## AjouterPv page

- assign to each of the selected reports the sanction and temoins.

## Archive page

- rapport:

  - modify
  - delete

- pv:

  - view.
  - pdf.
  - modify
  - delete

- commissions.

  - display.
  - view. (see members)
  - modify.

- conseils:

  - display.
  - view. (all related details)

- (to expand)

## Se deconnecter page

- A confirmation page

## Bugs

- matricule for plaignant in form and database and request.
- not every pv has its own temoins.
- date always removes one day.
- not updating immediately when deleting a member(commission).
- when deleting a report it does not update immediately(pv).
- commission should at least has 5 members in commission page.

Commit message:

database connection with server issues fixed

whatisLeft.md, after:

# Tasks:

## Backend

- ensure all routes are working
  - rapport routes: all working
  - commission routes: all working besides (/editcom, /getcom) (not tested)

- tests conduceted (production mode):
  - run the app for 30 min (done)
  - turn off the connection and then on mutiple time (done: three times in peroid of 30 mins)
  - launch the app with connection lost, and then turn the wifi connection(done) 

## AjouterPv page

- assign to each of the selected reports the sanction and temoins.

## Archive page

- rapport:

  - modify
  - delete

- pv:

  - view.
  - pdf.
  - modify
  - delete

- commissions.

  - display.
  - view. (see members)
  - modify.

- conseils:

  - display.
  - view. (all related details)

- (to expand)

## Se deconnecter page

- A confirmation page

## Bugs

- matricule for plaignant in form and database and request.
- not every pv has its own temoins.
- date always removes one day.
- not updating immediately when deleting a member(commission).
- when deleting a report it does not update immediately(pv).
- commission should at least has 5 members in commission page.
